them just waiting
by thinkin feel the bite
common get to the end of the
week and we still in Cardiff
but on the other hand we're all
confident that we're gonna put
fish
on not doubt the that day them
Bay I got something by
of he said for the article I'm
I like that yeah job of at some
money on the line here
got a nice n Easy like model are
you
as tolerate them
the catalyst
payday here
he liked it pollen Paula
no joke on the 101 mom serious
yeah
tap tap tap tap tap tap tap wave
goodbye everything's tied
used
bam thank you ma'am but by now
world body I thought we still
had a little wine racks a nice
fresh
we'll take it theory of and has
a nice cock
270-pound down I'll
the moment of truth
guys eventually I know if
today's market
twenty four dollars a pound yeah
but I'm Korean argues that way
to go
very nice now I see it added to
the team are
and success all-stock me
CNN moscow I am confident that
went back in the game
killing ready to go let's go
fishing